[Railgun] Docs cleanup (#5905)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/railgun/user-guide/set-up/configuration-activation.md

Railgun requires an activation step before usage. To activate, you will need:

* To update the configuration file with the external IP address or a hostname which resolves to the external IP of your Railgun instance for `activation.public_ip`
* Your activation token for `activation.token`.

You can determine the external IP address of a server with the following command:

```sh
$ curl icanhazip.com
```

By default, Railgun will listen on all interfaces. It is best practice to specify the interface you would like Railgun to use. You can do that by setting the `wan.ip` option to the IP address of the interface you would like Railgun to listen on. This is especially important if you have a local link IPv6 address, as Railgun will prefer that to an IPv4 address, and may not work as a result.

> You can find the Railgun activation token listed on your account home, under [**Manage Account** > **Configurations** > **Railgun**](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/configurations/railgun). Details on this page can be found in the [Administration documentation](/railgun/user-guide/administration/). You should add a Railgun on the listing page, if you have not already. It can be named anything you like. After adding a Railgun, the token will be listed on the page and you can toggle the Railgun to **On**. The token is a 32 character hash of numbers and letters. Copy this hash into the `activation.token` option in your Railgun configuration file. If your public IP and activation token are properly configured, the first time you start Railgun it will register and download a newly generated SSL certificate to encrypt traffic. To make sure that activation works properly, check your logs for a successful activation response when starting Railgun:

Reviewer: This paragraph seems to be related to bullet nr. 2 above, but the text is quite dense and seems to contain procedural steps. Could we eventually create two small sections corresponding to the two bullets?

> ```bash

Reviewer: Consider keeping `sh` here.

Author: done

If there is a certificate error in the system log or during startup, ensure that the necessary certificate bundle is installed as described in [Preparing the Environment](/railgun/user-guide/set-up/preparing-environment/) so that Railgun may connect securely back to Cloudflare’s activation servers.

> As an example, we are going to use domain `port2408.net`. The newly generated certificate is signed against the `port2408.net` domain and our system will automatically set your new `port2408.net` subdomain to resolve to the IP specified by `activation.public_ip`. You can use this hostname to test Railgun without enabling the service for all users. More details are in the [Testing Railgun](#testing-railgun) section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, we are going to use domain `port2408.net`. The newly generated certificate is signed against the `port2408.net` domain and our system will automatically set your new `port2408.net` subdomain to resolve to the IP specified by `activation.public_ip`. You can use this hostname to test Railgun without enabling the service for all users. For more details, refer to the [Testing Railgun](#testing-railgun) section below.
```

After running the init script, there should be an `rg-listener` process listening on the configured port (2408 by default). You can use netstat to make sure:

```bash
---
highlight: [1]
---
GNU/Linux
$ netstat -plnt | grep 2408
tcp        0      0 :::2408                     :::*                        LISTEN      2981/rg-listener
```

> Provided that your port is open to Cloudflare traffic, it’s time for testing. If you don’t see the process running, then there may be an issue with activation or your configuration. The Railgun panic log, which is written to `/var/log/railgun/panic.log` by default, may contain more information. You can also attempt to start Railgun without the `init` script to see if any errors are present at start:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provided that your port is open to Cloudflare traffic, it is time for testing. If you do not see the process running, then there may be an issue with activation or your configuration. The Railgun panic log, which is written to `/var/log/railgun/panic.log` by default, may contain more information. You can also attempt to start Railgun without the `init` script to see if any errors are present at start:
```

```bash
---
highlight: [1]
---
GNU/Linux
$ sudo -u railgun /usr/bin/rg-listener -config=/etc/railgun/railgun.conf
```

## Testing Railgun

> Once you have configured Railgun, you can test its operation using the **Test** button on the Cloudflare dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have configured Railgun, you can test its operation on the Cloudflare dashboard:
```

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and select your account and domain.
2. Go to **Speed**.

> 3. Select **Optimization** and scroll down to **Railgun** > **Test**. 

Reviewer: I suppose you must click a button here. Is it named "Test"?

Author: done

This will indicate whether a request to your web server uses Railgun.

> The log file can also be used to monitor results. By default, Cloudflare only logs errors. For testing, you need to raise the `log.level` option from `0` to `5` in your Railgun configuration and then restart the service. You can then tail the logs to watch the requests being processed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the log file to monitor results. By default, Cloudflare only logs errors. For testing, you need to raise the `log.level` option from `0` to `5` in your Railgun configuration and then restart the service. You can then `tail` the logs to watch the requests being processed:
```

Oct 27 23:36:06 www railgun[199.27.130.135:22114]: Transmit time: 48us
```

> Railgun will produce `5xx` messages when the `rg-listener` service is unable to reach the origin web server. Checking that the route between the Railgun server and the web server is clear is essential before contacting support. The easiest way of checking that is by performing a curl command from the Railgun server to the origin web server. If Railgun and the web server are both run on the same physical server, check that it allows loopback HTTP connections on ports `80` and `443` in its firewall settings. Please ensure the correct port is open and contact support if errors persist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Railgun will produce `5xx` messages when the `rg-listener` service is unable to reach the origin web server. It is essential that you check that the route between the Railgun server and the web server is clear before contacting support. The easiest way of checking that is by performing a `curl` command from the Railgun server to the origin web server. If Railgun and the web server are both run on the same physical server, check that it allows loopback HTTP connections on ports `80` and `443` in its firewall settings. Please ensure the correct port is open and contact support if errors persist.
```

## Going live

It is recommended that you consult the [Testing Railgun](#testing-railgun) section before enabling Railgun for all visitors to your site.

> When you wish to go live, you should select the desired Railgun for your domain on the [Configurations](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/configurations/railgun) page, and then toggle the switch to **On**. Railgun may take up to five minutes to fully activate, after which you should see the `CF-Railgun` HTTP header present in responses from all your active Cloudflare DNS records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you wish to go live, select the desired Railgun for your domain on the [Configurations](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/configurations/railgun) page and toggle the switch to **On**. Railgun may take up to five minutes to fully activate, after which you should see the `CF-Railgun` HTTP header present in responses from all your active Cloudflare DNS records.
```
I'm not sure we need the comma.
